Alright, I wanted to give you a solid
overview of some of the web development
tools we have to utilize when we're
developing web applications using the
Spring framework and Spring MVC. Now a
lot of the tools there, we looked at the
client-side tools, we looked at HTTP
request. That is the environment that
we're going to be in as we develop web
applications using Spring MVC. We have a
variety of tools from the client side
using the browser's to see what's going
on what we think is going over to it
into these Spring application. We have
the Axis TCP monitor to see what's
really going through across the wire.
This is a very very handy tool
especially as you start getting to
restful interfaces. And then finally we
have the Spring Boot developer tools and
these are a great tool set that we can
utilize it and it really really does
speed up your development because you
get that rapid reload. And like you saw
in a couple of videos there, these tools
are not perfect. The compile, the reload
on the Java side is usually rock-solid
but sometimes it does have a hiccup and
if you do get a hiccup, just shut down
restart and you're usually good to go.
And sometimes, it's actually a bug in
your code that's causing a problem. And I
notice from experience if you fat-finger
the Java code and do the reload and then
you correct the Java code and do the
reload, sometimes that does most things
up. But for the most part, it is pretty
good but just be aware you may may hit
issues. So in the next section of this
course we are going to get into setting
up the database and take a closer look
at Hibernate and JPA mappings.